[Autogenerated] alright at Globomantics again,
we're working as Joshua Magee and we've got this awesome set up in our dead VPC.
We've got our Web servers and are low bouncing our database servers
and we have this other application that was developed by somebody
else and it's codified in a CloudFormation template and we're not
quite ready to unpack all that.
So we like to deploy this CloudFormation template using tear form.
What's in this template?
Will it deploys a lambda function and a dynamo db table that work
together Now you might look at that and say,
Well, why do we care about the Dev VPC?
Because Lambda and Dynamodb don't live in a VPC while
in this particular configuration,
the Lambda does need to talk to those web servers in the public sub nets.
So as part of the template,
there's a VPC integration where Lambda puts network interfaces in
those public sub nets to talk to those servers.
So we're going to use our existing Deb VPC as a data source
to feed into this CloudFormation template. Let's go over to visual studio code and get that deployed